lay today we're gonna go over the
guidelines for a graceful ladylike
entree into society make sure she's in
the back for the group photo viola was
facing a fate worse than death until her
twin brother Sebastian where are you
going that showed her a way out
did you just like pretend to be me
turned you into your brother nobody
earlier is even met Sebastian they
wouldn't know the difference
no she's headed to Illyria Academy let's
go the men have game girls with butts
like mine do not talk to boys with faces
like yours this school everyone's got a
secret Duke wants Olivia I'm dueling
jeez who won Sebastian isn't he cute who
is really viola this brother is dating
Monique so she hates Olivia who's dating
do to make Sebastian jealous which one
would you rather see naked he is really
viola getting jealous because she wants
Duke who thinks she's a guy okay
and this is where it gets really
complicated excuse me doofus
oh boy sexual tension male/female
dynamics all part of the high school
experience is it just me or does this
soccer game have more nudity than most
this spring I'm not really good at
solving girls why you're hot
the secret is out amanda Bynes Alex
Breckenridge Channing Tatum Robert
Hoffman Vinnie Jones Laura Ramsey in
David Cross I got maybe trouble sir I
gotta choose the man
[Music]